# 07-14-2016

Let's see if I can do this daily.

I continue to work on the less-fun administrative and planning work, currently the ubiquitous business plan.

I'm starting at a high level with a business pitch; it will cover the same topics as a fully fleshed out business plan, but only 1-2 pages. I've already had some insightful moments, specifically numbers 6, 7 and 8:

1. value proposition
2. market need
3. target markets
4. competition
5. marketing
6. funding needs
7. business and sales goals
8. financial projections
9. milestones
10. ???

Noticeably missing: profit. I kid! I'm going to be a millionaire.

I mean billionaire.

Once I've finished the pitch, I'll pick and choose which sections to expand on.

I'm also toying with the idea of making more of this process public. It's not that I expect anyone to find it interesting in any way, I'm more so hoping for <abbr title="Pull requests are a way for programmers to provide improvements to others' work.">pull requests</abbr>. For now I'll just include screenshots.

![bt.gif]

The other long running task is to find and buy a truck. This is something I don't know a lot about so I'm researching and planning and listing all the features and expectations I have. Few options for format in ascending cost.

- **Trailer**
Clearly a completely different approach than a truck but it does have its benefits, primarily cost and secondarily liability. But the downsides seem hard to overcome: having to rent something to tow it, width (most cargo trailer sidewalls are with the inner side of the wheels), height.

- **Extended height cargo van**
This is potentially cheaper than a box truck or step van, and would definitely be easier to drive and park. Fitting the inside with a studio might be awkward though, and the width would probably be a problem.

- **Step van**
The funkiest option. I'd be pretty happy with this option. Find something with enough height clearance shouldn't be a problem, but usually are narrow and long so the acoustics might be tricky. They're also in high demand for food trucks.

- **Box truck**
This was my original thought. It's big, has a lot of room for people and gear. Definitely a bit of a bear to drive and park, but it's still my top pick.