# 07-27-2016

Well it's technically live, if not officially.

[TURN IT TO 11](http://turnitto11.com) HELL YA ALL CaPs.

Still a bunch needed before I'd be comfortable announcing: homepage content, replace background video, site design... ya know, pretty much everything.

# Controlling Audio

I'd like to have some tactile control in the truck other than a keyboard and mouse. I've pretty much always mixed <abbr title="in the box: in the computer">ITB</abbr>, so a control surface was my first thought. There are few good options that would work. I'm looking for high quality, motorized faders, ability to cue.

Avid makes a few, but are geared towards ProTools, which I'd rather not get into. There's the Behringer X-Touch, X-Touch compact, and B-Control. And of course the Mackie MCU, around \$500 used. It's modular so I could start with 8 and work up to 24 faders.

Then I saw a Mackie 24-8 on Craigslist for around $400. I'd never want to record through that; I'm trying to maintain a higher bar with the input chain. Right now it's DIY API and Neve clones -> Apogee AD-16x -> UFX, sticking the 24-8 in there would be gross. But it work well for monitoring and cueing the direct inputs.

```
+-----------+     +----------+     +-------+     +------+
|           |     |          |     |       |     |      |
|  preamps  +---->+  AD-16x  +---->+  UFX  +---->+  PC  |
|           |     |          |     |       |     |      |
+-----------+     +----------+     +---+---+     +------+
                                       |
   +--------+     +----------+         |
   |        |     |          |         |
   |  24-8  +<----+  DA-16x  +<--------+
   |        |     |          |
   +--------+     +----------+
```

The arrow to the PC is intentionally one direction, as the UFX is quite flexible with its routing and allows direct monitoring in this manner. It would mean buying a DA-16 or DA-16x, which are around \$500 and \$1000 respectively (used), on top of the \$400 for the mixer. It would also be a considerable power draw compared to the MCU.

This weekend I'd like to check out an MCU and see how it feels with my workflow.